
                 University of Minnesota Open Source License

 COPYRIGHT 2006 REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

This University of Minnesota software code and documentation Silver
 (hereafter the "Software") are made available to the open source
 community as a public service by the University of Minnesota. Contact
 the University of Minnesota at melt.cs.umn.edu for information on
 other licensing arrangements (e.g. proprietary applications).

Under this license, this Software may be used as-is or may be modified
and the original version and modified versions may be copied,
distributed, publicly displayed and performed provided that the
following conditions are met:

1. Modified versions are distributed with source code and
documentation and with permission for others to use any code and
documentation (whether in original or modified versions) as granted
under this license;

2. if modified, the source code, documentation, and user run-time
elements should be clearly labeled by placing an identifier of origin
(such as a name, initial, or other tag) after the version number;

3. users, modifiers, distributors, and others coming into possession
or using the Software in original or modified form accept the entire
risk as to the possession, use, and performance of the Software;

4. this copyright management information (software identifier and
version number, copyright notice and license) shall be retained in all
versions of the Software;

5. the University of Minnesota may make modifications to the Software
that are substantially similar to modified versions of the Software,
and may make, use, sell, copy, distribute, publicly display, and
perform such modifications, including making such modifications
available under this or other licenses, without obligation or
restriction;

6. modifications incorporating code, libraries, and/or documentation
subject to any other open source license may be made, and the
resulting work may be distributed under the terms of such open source
license if required by that open source license, but doing so will not
affect this Software, other modifications made under this license or
modifications made under other University of Minnesota licensing
arrangements;

7. no permission is granted to distribute, publicly display, or
publicly perform modifications to the Software made using proprietary
materials that cannot be released in source format under conditions of
this license;

8. the name of the University of Minnesota may not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the Software
without specific, prior written permission.


THIS SOFTWARE IS MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS". THE UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTY OF
NONINFRINGEMENT AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY
OF MINNESOTA BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE)
OR STRICT LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
